README.md, before:

angular-data-router
==================

[AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) routing engine that drive views by media types. It loads data itself, and by response `Content-Type` header
it displays configured view. From there, its very similar to original angular router.

The aim of this framework is to allow building of RESTful clients using angular, following [HATEOAS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HATEOAS) principle.

See also [API Documentation](https://mdvorak.github.io/angular-data-router#/api/mdvorakDataRouter).

Installation
------------

Either download and include `dist/` files in your project, or use [bower](http://bower.io/):

    bower install angular-data-router --save

Configuration
-------------

Both HTML 5 mode and hashbang are supported, use `$locationProvider` for configuration.

Use `$dataRouterProvider` to configure register media types. Each type can be registered only once.
It supports wildcards like `text/*` and function matchers as well, which are evaluated in order of registration
(first wins), but exact match takes always precedence. Wildcard and function matchers are also much slower, since they
are evaluated until one is found.

If the media type is not supported, error view is shown. It is strongly recommended to configure error view, otherwise
only `$routeChangeError` event is fired and nothing else happens.

```javascript
angular.module('example', ['mdvorakDataRouter'])
    .config(function configRouter($dataRouterProvider) {
        // URL prefixes
        $dataRouterProvider.apiPrefix('api/');

        // Error route
        $dataRouterProvider.error({
            templateUrl: 'error.html',
            dataAs: 'error'
        });

        // Routes
        $dataRouterProvider.when('application/x.example', {
            templateUrl: 'example.html',
            controller: 'ExampleCtrl'
        });
    });
```

Controller
----------

There are several special locals provided to your controllers, that represent current data.

* **$data** - Currently loaded data for your view.
* **$dataType** - Media type of the payload.
* **$dataUrl** - URL used to retrieve the data. Useful when you need to `PUT/POST/DELETE` the resource. Note that if you want
to refresh just the data, use `$dataResponse.reload(false)` method instead of reloading it yourself.
* **$dataResponse** - Full response object, which contains extensions like view property, containing current view configuration. Do not modify!

Commit message:

BREAKING CHANGE: Changed behavior of apiHref directive. It is now expression instead of template.

README.md, after:

angular-data-router
===================

[AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) routing engine that drive views by media types. It loads data itself, and by response `Content-Type` header
it displays configured view. From there, its very similar to original angular router.

The aim of this framework is to allow building of RESTful clients using angular, following [HATEOAS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HATEOAS) principle.

See also [API Documentation](https://mdvorak.github.io/angular-data-router#/api/mdvorakDataRouter).

Breaking Change
---------------

Since 0.2.0, usage of apiHref directive is changed. It is now expression instead of template. Please replace
`<a api-href="{{mylink}}">` with `<a api-href="mylink">`. Program should not construct these URLs anyway, and it allows
to distinguish between empty string and null value. This also fixes inconsistent behavior of emptyHref directive in some
cases.

Installation
------------

Either download and include `dist/` files in your project, or use [bower](http://bower.io/):

    bower install angular-data-router --save

Configuration
-------------

Both HTML 5 mode and hashbang are supported, use `$locationProvider` for configuration.

Use `$dataRouterProvider` to configure register media types. Each type can be registered only once.
It supports wildcards like `text/*` and function matchers as well, which are evaluated in order of registration
(first wins), but exact match takes always precedence. Wildcard and function matchers are also much slower, since they
are evaluated until one is found.

If the media type is not supported, error view is shown. It is strongly recommended to configure error view, otherwise
only `$routeChangeError` event is fired and nothing else happens.

```javascript
angular.module('example', ['mdvorakDataRouter'])
    .config(function configRouter($dataRouterProvider) {
        // URL prefixes
        $dataRouterProvider.apiPrefix('api/');

        // Error route
        $dataRouterProvider.error({
            templateUrl: 'error.html',
            dataAs: 'error'
        });

        // Routes
        $dataRouterProvider.when('application/x.example', {
            templateUrl: 'example.html',
            controller: 'ExampleCtrl'
        });
    });
```

Controller
----------

There are several special locals provided to your controllers, that represent current data.

* **$data** - Currently loaded data for your view.
* **$dataType** - Media type of the payload.
* **$dataUrl** - URL used to retrieve the data. Useful when you need to `PUT/POST/DELETE` the resource. Note that if you want
to refresh just the data, use `$dataResponse.reload(false)` method instead of reloading it yourself.
* **$dataResponse** - Full response object, which contains extensions like view property, containing current view configuration. Do not modify!
